SOAP:
SOAP stands for Simple Object Access Protocol.SOAP or Simple Object Access Protocol is a protocol designed to 
exchange information in the form of Web Services. It is primarily based on XML documents exchanged over HTTP, but
it's possible to transmit messages through other mediums like email and JMS.
SOAP was initially designed in 1998 during the height of CORBA to provide a simpler way to transfer information.
SOAP web services are generally based on a a Web Services Description Language or WSDL, which is an XML contract
that defines all the data and services offered by a given web service. The client and the server both use this contract 
as a basis for exchanging information and making remote procedural calls.
SOAP/WSDL web services are essentially a form of remote procedure calls over HTTP
SOAP documents is the XML messages exchanged over HTTP

REST
REST stands for Representational State Transfer.
A web service is a collection of open protocols and standards used for exchanging data between applications or
systems. Software applications written in various programming languages and running on various platforms can use web services 
to exchange data over computer networks like the Internet in a manner similar to inter-process communication on a single computer. 
This interoperability (e.g., between Java and Python, or Windows and Linux applications) is due to the use of open standards.

Web services based on REST Architecture are known as RESTful web services. These webservices uses HTTP methods to implement 
the concept of REST architecture. A RESTful web service usually defines a URI, Uniform Resource Identifier a service, provides resource 
representation such as JSON and set of HTTP Methods.


SOAP vs REST:
1)Location:
All the endpoints could be accessed using soap where as when it comes to REST all the endpoints must lie within the 
network.All complex business applications uses SOAP.
2)Security:
In SOAP the security is high compartivly to REST because it could implement its own sercuity layers with http security layers.
REST uses only HTTP security layers. 
3)Efficiency :
Efficiency in REST is much when compared to SOAP.AS soap depends on xml parsing as well as HTTP it effects the performance and efficiency.
REST only uses HTTP .
4)Technology :
Soap can work without HTTP by using xml ,while REST relies on HTTP
REST is for pure internet communications and cannot mix other transports
5)Productivity :
 Rest is high due to simplicity
 SOAP is low due to complex tools and skills required
 Rest is faster and cheaper for developers to use. 