Distributed denial of service:

A distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attack is a malicious attempt to disrupt normal traffic of a targeted
server, service or network by overwhelming the target or its surrounding infrastructure with a flood of Internet
traffic.
DDoS attacks achieve effectiveness by utilizing multiple compromised computer systems as sources of 
attack traffic. Exploited machines can include computers and other networked resources such as IoT devices.
From a high level, a DDoS attack is like a traffic jam clogging up with highway, preventing regular traffic 
from arriving at its desired destination.

How DDoS Attacks Work

In a DDoS attack, the incoming traffic flooding the victim originates from many different sources – potentially
hundreds of thousands or more. This effectively makes it impossible to stop the attack simply by blocking a
single IP address; plus, it is very difficult to distinguish legitimate user traffic from attack traffic when
spread across so many points of origin.

The Difference Between DoS and DDos Attacks

A Denial of Service (DoS) attack is different from a DDoS attack. The DoS attack typically uses one computer
and one Internet connection to flood a targeted system or resource. The DDoS attack uses multiple computers 
and Internet connections to flood the targeted resource. DDoS attacks are often global attacks, distributed 
via botnets.

Types of DDoS Attacks

There are many types of DDoS attacks. Common attacks include the following:
Traffic attacks:
Traffic flooding attacks send a huge volume of TCP, UDP and ICPM packets to the target.
Legitimate requests get lost and these attacks may be accompanied by malware exploitation.

Bandwidth attacks:
This DDos attack overloads the target with massive amounts of junk data. This results 
in a loss of network bandwidth and equipment resources and can lead to a complete denial of service.

Application attacks: 
Application-layer data messages can deplete resources in the application layer, 
leaving the target's system services unavailable.
