Object :
An object is a collection of properties, and a property is an association between a name (or key) and a value. 
A property's value can be a function, in which case the property is known as a method.

There are ways to create object in javascript:

1.Object Literal
 Object can created in java script using object literal which is a comma-separated list of name-value pairs and
 methods wrapped in curly braces.Object literal property values can be of any data type, which including array 
 literals, functions etc.JavaScript touts that objects can be created “ex nilo”, out of nothing — no class, no 
 template, no prototype — just poof!, an object with methods and data.

2.Using Object.create():
 Object.create() methord is used to create a new object with the specified prototype object and properties. 
 Object.create() method returns a new object with the specified prototype object and properties. 
 Object create() method allows us to define few properties for the object:
 writable: It describes whether value of the property may be changed.It is applied only to data descriptors.
 configurable : It describes whether the type of descriptor may be changed, or if the property can be removed.
 enumerable :It describes whether the property is listed in a loop through the properties of the object.
 value: It is the value of the property. This property only applies to Data descriptors because they refer values.



3.Using classes:
The “class” construct allows to define prototype-based classes with a clean, nice-looking syntax.
Class methods are non-enumerable :
A class definition sets enumerable flag to false for all methods in the "prototype".It is effective because if we for..in 
over an object,we usually don’t want its class methods.
Classes have a default constructor() {} :
If there’s no constructor in the class construct, then an empty function is generated, same as if we had written constructor() {}.
Classes always use strict :
All code inside the class construct is automatically in strict mode.
Getters/setters :
Classes may also include getters/setters.

 

4.Using functions new keyword:
Generally in javascript the function without return statement would return undefined value,But when the function is prefixed with the 
new keyword it would return object.The function declaration invovles the attributes and method inside the function declaration.The 
object reference is been prefixed with new with the function call.This method is one of the effective method to create objects
as the function could be reused many number of times to create objects of same type.


5.Using object Accessors:
This method of object creation uses getters and settors.
It gives simpler syntax in object creation
It allows same  syntax for both properties and methods
